ntpq -pn
ntpdate -u 192.168.1.73
ntpdate -d 192.168.1.73
ntpstat
server 192.168.1.73 iburst
maxdistance 16.0
cat /var/log/messages | grep -i ntpd

ntpq -p: This command displays a list of the NTP servers that your system is currently synchronizing with, along with information about the current offset, jitter, and other parameters.

ntpq -c peers: This command displays a list of the NTP servers that your system is currently synchronizing with, along with additional information about the servers and their status.

ntpq -c rv: This command displays a list of the NTP servers that your system is currently synchronizing with, along with detailed information about the system's clock offset and error.

ntpq -c assoc: This command displays a list of the NTP associations that the system has established with other servers, along with information about the association status and parameters.

ntpq -c loopinfo: This command displays information about the system's local clock and its behavior, including information about the clock's stability and error.

ntpq -c reslist: This command displays a list of the NTP servers that your system has used for synchronization in the past, along with the date and time of the last synchronization.

systemcrl status ntpd
systemctl start ntpd
systemctl stop ntpd
systemctl restart ntpd
systemctl reload ntpd

ntpdate pool.ntp.org: This command synchronizes the system clock with a NTP server provided by the pool.ntp.org domain. You can replace pool.ntp.org with the hostname or IP address of any NTP server that you want to synchronize with.

ntpdate -u pool.ntp.org: This command performs the same operation as the previous command, but uses the UDP protocol to communicate with the NTP server instead of the default TCP protocol.

ntpdate -d pool.ntp.org: This command synchronizes the system clock with a NTP server and displays detailed debugging output, which can be useful for troubleshooting clock synchronization issues.

ntpdate -q pool.ntp.org: This command queries the specified NTP server for the current time without actually setting the system clock.

ntpdate -B pool.ntp.org: This command sets the system clock using a more aggressive synchronization algorithm, which can be useful when the system clock is significantly out of sync with the NTP server.